shifu-demo/step1/step1.md, before:

## Step 1: Configure and verify your Kubernetes cluster
In order to use Shifu, you'll first need a **Kubernetes cluster** running on your computer.

We've configured a Kubernetes cluster for you to try out directly.

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
<br/>
👉Click `kubectl get nodes`{{execute}} to check the nodes in the Kuberenetes cluster.
<br/>

✔️The cluster should contain two nodes, `node`-`controlplane` and `node01`. Those nodes' `status` should be `Ready`.
```
controlplane $ kubectl get nodes
NAME           STATUS   ROLES           AGE     VERSION
controlplane   Ready    control-plane   2d16h   v1.26.0
node01         Ready    <none>          2d16h   v1.26.0
```
<br/>
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
<br/>

🔔If you have any problem during the demo, please contact us at [info@edgenesis.com](mailto:info@edgenesis.com), we will help you out immediately.

Commit message:

update Shifu steps, remove old images, add new images for Shifu demo

shifu-demo/step1/step1.md, after:

## Step 1: Configure and Verify Your Kubernetes Cluster
You'll need a Kubernetes cluster running to use Shifu. For your convenience, we've already configured a cluster for you to try.

![step1](../../images/shifu/step1.png)

[Overall Architecture](../../images/shifu/overall_architecture.png)

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
<br/>
Ensure your cluster is ready by clicking this command: `kubectl get nodes`{{execute}}
<br/>

✔️The cluster should contain two nodes, `controlplane` and `node01`. Those nodes' `status` should be `Ready`.
```
controlplane $ kubectl get nodes
NAME           STATUS   ROLES           AGE   VERSION
controlplane   Ready    control-plane   41h   v1.29.0
node01         Ready    <none>          41h   v1.29.0
```
<br/>
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
<br/>

🔔Need help? Contact us at [info@edgenesis.com](mailto:info@edgenesis.com). We will help you out immediately.
